1)what are media queries?
A media query consists of an optional media type and zero or more expressions that limit the style sheets' scope by using media features, such as width, height, and color.Media queries consist of an optional media type and can, as of the CSS3 specification, contain zero or more expressions, expressed as media features, which resolve to either true or false. The result of the query is true if the media type specified in the media query matches the type of device the document is being displayed on and all expressions in the media query are true.

2)In media queries what are following properties min-width, max-width, resolution, screen, print, speech, with examples
min-width:it is used to set the minimum width of an element.
syntax: article{
	min-width:500px;
}
max-width:it is used to set the maximum width of an element.
syntax: p{
	max-width:700px;
} 
resolution:this feature is used  to describe the resolution of the output device i.e the density of the pixels. it is measured using dpi(dots per inch) and also in dcm(dots per centimeter)
screen: consider for adevice suppose if it is given @media screen and (max-width:630px) it means the device witha screen and a window with max-width of 630px that you want to apply the style. it is mainly used for color computer screens
print:it is used for paged material and for documents viewed on screen in print preview mode

speech:intended for speech synthesizers.

3)what are position property values in css (static, relative, absolute, fixed) explain differences?
position css property chooses alternative rules for positioning elements,designed to be useful for scripted animation effects.
static: html elements are positioned static by default.these type of elements are not effected by top,bottom, left and right properties.
element with position:static is not positioned in any special way it is always positioned according to the normal flow of the page.
relative:An element with position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position.
absolute:An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor
fixed:An element with position: fixed; is positioned relative to the viewport, which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled. The top, right, bottom, and left properties are used to position the element.

4)what is a float and clear property in css?
float:this property is used to wrap text around some image
clear:this property is used to control the behaviour of floating elements.Elements after a floating element will flow around it. To avoid this, use the clear property.
The clear property specifies on which sides of an element floating elements are not allowed to float.

5)what is bootstrap grid system? rows and columns?
bootstrap grid system is a library of html/css components that allow you to structure a website and place a websites content  in desired locations easily.Bootstrap allows you to create up to 12 columns and unlimited rows — hence the name 12-Grid System. bootstrap grid system is made  upof 3 things:
a container: a container holds rows and columns.it is a simple <div> element with a class of  .container.The container is used to provide a proper width for the layout, acting as a wrapper for the content.
rows:A row acts like a wrapper around the columns. 
A row spans from the left edge to the right edge of the container element. It is created by adding the class .row to a block level element inside the container.
 columns:Grid columns are created by specifying the number of twelve available columns you wish to span.

 6) what are xs, sm, md, lg in bootstrap?
 The Bootstrap grid system has four classes:
 xs-these are used for phones
 sm-these are used for tablets
 md-these are used for desktops
 lg-these are used for larger desktops.

 7)differences between container and container-fluid?
 .container has one fixed width for each screen size in bootstrap (xs,sm,md,lg); .container-fluid expands to fill the available width.

 8)what are the break points to be use in media queries for mobile, tablets, medium size desktops and large desktops?
 for mobile min-width: 320px
 for tablets min-width:768px
 medium size desktops :992px
 large size desktops:1200px
 



