how to clone a repository?
open github and navigate to the mainpage of the repository 
under the repository name to which yoi want to clone. there is a option clone or download
copy that link and open git bash
i tried to create my own directory using mkdir consultancy
then change the directory to cd consultancy to enter into that directory
then type git clone and the url which you have copied earlier and press enter
then your clone will be created

2)creating a new repository to submit homeworks?
when you open github website in the upperright corner there is a click + and then click new repository
then create a short, and memorable repository name for example i did uihomework submissions
and then u can add short description if needed
now choose between creating public or private repository.
then initialise this repository with a readme. this option will let you immediately clone the repository to your computer
and then click create repository then it is done


3)init: This command creates an empty git repository basically .git directory with subdirectories for objects, heads, tag etc. an initial head file that references the head of master branch is also created
add:adds file contents to the index. this commands updates the indx using the current content found in the working tree to prepare the content staged for the next commit.
mv:this command is generally used to move or rename a file,directory 
reset:reset current head to the specified state
rm:this command will remove files from the index,or from the working tree and the index. git rm will not remove a file from just your working directory
bisect:this command uses a binary search algorithm to find which commit in your projects history intrduced a bug
grep:print lines matching a pattern
log:shows the committed logs
show:shows one or more objects. for commits it shows the log message and textual diff. for tags it shows the tag message and the referenced objects.
status:changed files in your working directory
branch:it is used to list all existing branches
commit:upload changes from file system to local repository
merge:it is used to combine two or more people  written code
rebase:reapplying the commits on top of another base tip
tag:it marks the current commit with a tag
fetch: download objects and references from another repository
pull:downloading partial updates from repo
push: uploading changes to github. 