1)Different types in css?
there are three different types in css
internal stylesheet: internalstyle sheet holds the css code for the webpage in the head section of the particular file.this makes it easy to apply styles like classes in order to reuse the code.the changes which we make in the head section of particular page is confined only to that page and we can see the changes only to that page
External css:The External Stylesheet is a .css file that you link your website to. This makes it so that what ever you change in the .css sheet, will effect every page in your website. This prevents you from having to make many code changes in each page. This is for "global" site changes.
Internal css:The Inline style is specific to the tag itself. The inline style uses the HTML "style" attribute to style a specific tag. This is not recommended, as every CSS change has to be made in every tag that has the inline style applied to it. The Inline style is good for one an individual CSS change that you do not use repeatedly through the site.

2)what is cascading in css?
Cascading in this context means that because more than one stylesheet rule could apply to a particular piece of HTML, there has to be a known way of determining which specific stylesheet rule applies to which piece of HTML.
The rule used is chosen by cascading down from the more general rules to the specific rule required. The most specific rule is chosen.

3)why do we need to use css?
Use CSS to define styles for your documents, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes. You can place your CSS in the <head> of a document with an embedded style sheet, or attach a separate file that defines your styles with an external style sheet.

4)which type of css is better practice?
extrenal css is better in practice because we have the advantage of changing the files without actually changing the html code.

5)what are selectors? why do we need them in css?
A selector is defined as apart of css rule that actually selects the content you want to style. there are different types of selectors like
universal selector,id selector,element type selector, class selector....

