1)what are the data types in java script?
there are two types of datatypes in javascript
primitive data types and non-primitive data types
there are five types of primitive data types in java script
string:it represents sequence of characters
boolean:represents boolean value either false or true
number:represents numeric values
undefined:represents undefined value
null:represents null

there are three types of non-primitive data types
object:represents instnace through which we can access numbers
array:represents group of similar values
regexp: represents regular expression


2)what is the difference between java and javascript in terms of variables??
java is statically typed language where as javascript is dynamic
java is class based and javascript is prototype based
java used block based scoping where as script uses function based scoping
java constructors are special functions thact can only be called at object creation; where as script  constructors are just standard functions
java is object oriented programming language where as javascript is object oriented scripting language.

3)why do we use javascript in webpages?
it is a nice technology to use on the web.and it is also a versatile subject. it nicely mingles with other webtechnologies such as html and css and can even interact with plugins such as flash.it helps us to build highly responsive user interfaces,and can also fix glitches caused in css.by using the right browser addons you can use javascript to make online systems available offline and sync automatically once the computer goes online.it is not only restricted to browsers.

4)how to include javascript into webpages?
 follow these steps inorder to do so
open notepad or relevant editor like sublime editor 
start a basic html doc
add a script tag to the htmls head and let the text editor know that you would like to use a java script to write your htmls javascript program
make sure you end your html doc
save your page and open it in the browser and its done

5)where to include javascript in webpages and why?
javascript is embedded into html documents using <script> element. this element can be used to embed the javascript directly into webpage or to specify an external file that contains the javascript.




