1)differences between id,class,attribute,tagname selectors and differences between them when to use what?
class:it is specified with '.' and the class name 
you can use the same class on multiple elements.
you canuse multiple classes on the same element.
id:each element can have only one id
each page can have only one element with that id. ids are specified with '#' and name of the id. you can referto that id saying id and the name of that id.
tagname selector is used to select all the elements with specified tagname.

2)what is css specificity?explain with all possible examples of them?
specificity  means it is a way which browsers decide which css property values have most important to an element and therefore they will be applied. it is based on matching rulees and has different types of css selectors.
the order of importance is 
style attribute,id,class attribute and elements and so on..

5)descendant selectors in css?
this combinator is represented by a single space() character combines two selectors such that elements matched by the second selector are selected if they have an ancestor element matching the first selector.they utilize a descendant combinator are called descendant selectors.

child selectors of css?
the > combinator separates two selectors and matches only those elements matched by the second selector that are direct children of elements matched by the first.
the child selector selects all elements that are the immediate children of specified element.

adjacent sibling selectors of css?
this selector will select only the specified element that immediately follows the before specified element.
these elements must have the same parent element.it is denoted by +.

8) multiple selectors in css?
multiple selectors are generaly used to group more than one type of selector at a time.to do so commas are used to group different selectors in the style part.

9)variation in attribute based selectors?
attribute selectors select an element using the presence of agiven attribute value
they are given in between square brackets
[attr]-represents an element with name of attribute
[attr=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr and whose value is exactly value.
[attr~=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr whose value is a whitespace-separated list of words, one of which is exactly value.
[attr|=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr. Its value can be exactly “value” or can begin with value immediately followed by “-”. It can be used for language subcode matches.
[attr^=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr and whose first value is prefixed by value.
[attr$=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr and whose last value is suffixed by value.
[attr*=value]-Represents an element with an attribute name of attr and whose value contains at least one occurrence of string value as substring.